Asset Tracker v2: Add documentation for the sensor module (#6437)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/asset_tracker_v2/doc/sensor_module.rst

.. _asset_tracker_v2_sensor_module:

Sensor module
#############

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The sensor module interacts with external sensors present on the :ref:`Thingy91 <Thingy:91 product page>` to collect
> environmental data and detect motion over a set threshold value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sensor module interacts with external sensors present on the :ref:`Thingy91 <Thingy:91 product page>`.
It collects environmental data and detects motion over a set threshold value.
```

+------------------+-----------------+
| Temperature      | `BME680`_       |
+------------------+-----------------+
| Acceleration     | `ADXL362`_      |
+------------------+-----------------+

The module controls and collects data from the sensors by interacting with their :ref:`device drivers <device_model_api>` via :ref:`Zephyr's generic sensor API <sensor_api>`.

Data sampling
=============

Whenever the module receives an :c:enum:`APP_EVT_DATA_GET` event and the :c:enum:`APP_DATA_ENVIRONMENTAL` type is present in the ``app_data`` list carried in the event, it will sample data.
When data sampling has been carried out, the :c:enum:`SENSOR_EVT_ENVIRONMENTAL_DATA_READY` event is sent from the module containing the sampled environmental sensor values.

.. note::
   The nRF9160 DK does not have any external sensors.
   If the sensor module is queried for sensor data when building for the DK, the event :enum:`SENSOR_EVT_ENVIRONMENTAL_NOT_SUPPORTED` is sent out by the module
   upon data sampling.

Motion detection
================

Motion is detected whenever acceleration in either X, Y or Z plane exceeds the configured threshold value.
The threshold is set in one of two ways:

> 1. When receiving the :c:enum:`DATA_EVT_CONFIG_INIT` event after boot. This event contains the default threshold value set by

Reviewer 2: It can be mentioned which struct member contains the threshold calue

   :ref:`CONFIG_DATA_ACCELEROMETER_THRESHOLD` or retrieved from flash.
#. When receiving the :c:enum:`DATA_EVT_CONFIG_READY` event. This occurs whenever a new threshold value has been updated from cloud.

Both events contains an accelerometer threshold value ``accelerometer_threshold`` in m/s2, present in the event structure.

> Motion detection in the module is enabled and disabled in turn to control the amount of :c:enum:`SENSOR_EVT_MOVEMENT_READY` events that are sent out by the sensor module.

Reviewer 2: `SENSOR_EVT_MOVEMENT_READY` -> `SENSOR_EVT_MOVEMENT_DATA_READY`

This functionality acts as a sort of flow control to prevent the sensor module from spamming the rest of the application with events if the device is accelerating over
the threshold for extended periods of time.

This behavior is controlled by the applicaton module via the :c:enum:`APP_EVT_ACTIVITY_DETECTION_ENABLE` and :c:enum:`APP_EVT_ACTIVITY_DETECTION_DISABLE` events.
The sensor module will only send out an :c:enum:`SENSOR_EVT_MOVEMENT_READY` event if movement is detected and activity detection is enabled.

.. note::
   The DK does not have an external accelerometer. However, button 2 on the DK can be used to trigger movement for testing purposes.

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. note::
   The accelerometer available in the Thingy:91 needs detailed per-use-case tuning in order to determine reliably which accelerometer readings are considered "motion" and which not. This is beyond the scope of the generalized asset tracker framework that this application provides. Therefore it's readings are not transmitted to the cloud, and only used to detect a binary active and inactive state.
```

Add a comment on why we don't send it's data to the cloud.

Configuration options
*********************

.. _CONFIG_SENSOR_THREAD_STACK_SIZE:

CONFIG_SENSOR_THREAD_STACK_SIZE - Sensor module thread stack size

>    This option increases the sensor module's internal thread stack size.

Reviewer 2: Suggest to change `increases` -> `configures` as it can be adjusted in any direction

Module states
*************

The sensor module has an internal state machine with the following states:

* ``STATE_INIT`` - The initial state of the module in which it awaits its initial configuation from the data module.

> * ``STATE_RUNNING`` - The module is initialized and can be queried for sensor data.

Reviewer 2: It will also emit `SENSOR_EVT_MOVEMENT_DATA_READY` events on movement

Author: Added to state description.

.. _asset_tracker_v2_sensor_module:

Sensor module
#############

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The sensor module interacts with external sensors present on the :ref:`Thingy:91 <Thingy:91 product page>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sensor module interacts with external sensors present on the `Thingy:91 <Thingy:91 product page>`_.
```

| Humidity         | `BME680`_       |
+------------------+-----------------+
| Temperature      | `BME680`_       |
+------------------+-----------------+
| Acceleration     | `ADXL362`_      |
+------------------+-----------------+

The module controls and collects data from the sensors by interacting with their :ref:`device drivers <device_model_api>` using :ref:`Zephyr's generic sensor API <sensor_api>`.

Data sampling
=============

When the module receives an :c:enum:`APP_EVT_DATA_GET` event and the :c:enum:`APP_DATA_ENVIRONMENTAL` type is present in the ``app_data`` list carried in the event, it will sample data.
When data sampling has been carried out, the :c:enum:`SENSOR_EVT_ENVIRONMENTAL_DATA_READY` event is sent from the module with the sampled environmental sensor values.

.. note::
   The nRF9160 DK does not have any external sensors.
   If the sensor module is queried for sensor data when building for the DK, the event :c:enum:`SENSOR_EVT_ENVIRONMENTAL_NOT_SUPPORTED` is sent out by the module
   upon data sampling.

Motion detection
================

Motion is detected when acceleration in either X, Y or Z plane exceeds the configured threshold value.

> The threshold is set in one of two ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The threshold is set in one of the following two ways:
```

* When receiving the :c:enum:`DATA_EVT_CONFIG_INIT` event after boot.

>   This event contains the default threshold value set by :ref:`CONFIG_DATA_ACCELEROMETER_THRESHOLD` or retrieved from flash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This event contains the default threshold value set by ``CONFIG_DATA_ACCELEROMETER_THRESHOLD`` or retrieved from flash.
```

* When receiving the :c:enum:`DATA_EVT_CONFIG_READY` event.
  This occurs when a new threshold value has been updated from cloud.

> Both events contains an accelerometer threshold value ``accelerometer_threshold`` in m/s2, present in the event structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both events contain an accelerometer threshold value ``accelerometer_threshold`` in m/s2, present in the event structure.
```

Motion detection in the module is enabled and disabled in turn to control the number of :c:enum:`SENSOR_EVT_MOVEMENT_DATA_READY` events that are sent out by the sensor module.
This functionality acts as flow control.
It prevents the sensor module from sending events to the rest of the application if the device is accelerating over the threshold for extended periods of time.

The applicaton module controls this behavior through the :c:enum:`APP_EVT_ACTIVITY_DETECTION_ENABLE` and :c:enum:`APP_EVT_ACTIVITY_DETECTION_DISABLE` events.
The sensor module will only send out a :c:enum:`SENSOR_EVT_MOVEMENT_DATA_READY` event if it detects movement and activity detection is enabled.

.. note::
   The DK does not have an external accelerometer.
   However, you can use **Button 2** on the DK to trigger movement for testing purposes.

.. note::

>    The accelerometer available in the Thingy:91 needs detailed per-use-case tuning in order to determine reliably which accelerometer readings are considered "motion"and which not.
>    This is beyond the scope of the generalized asset tracker framework that this application provides.
>    Therefore it's readings are not transmitted to the cloud, and only used to detect a binary active and inactive state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The accelerometer available in the Thingy:91 needs detailed tuning for each use case to determine reliably which readings are considered as motion.
   This is beyond the scope of the general asset tracker framework this application provides.
   Therefore, the readings are not transmitted to the cloud and are only used to detect a binary active and inactive state.
```
In general, it is not a good practice to have two consecutive notes. Could we, for example, have sub-headings for nRF9160 and Thingy:91?

Configuration options
*********************

.. _CONFIG_SENSOR_THREAD_STACK_SIZE:

CONFIG_SENSOR_THREAD_STACK_SIZE - Sensor module thread stack size
   This option configures the sensor module's internal thread stack size.

Module states
*************

The sensor module has an internal state machine with the following states:

* ``STATE_INIT`` - The initial state of the module in which it awaits its initial configuation from the data module.

> * ``STATE_RUNNING`` - The module is initialized and can be queried for sensor data It will also emit :c:enum:`SENSOR_EVT_MOVEMENT_DATA_READY ` on movement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``STATE_RUNNING`` - The module is initialized and can be queried for sensor data. It will also send :c:enum:`SENSOR_EVT_MOVEMENT_DATA_READY` on movement.
```
The misplaced backtick (just one extra space before the closing one), caused the doc build failure.
